gh-130740: Move some `stdbool.h` includes after `Python.h` (#130738)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Build/2025-03-01-18-20-07.gh-issue-130738.nDFSHR.rst

> Ensure Python.h is included in most places, except when "pyconfig.h" is included before, or in platform specific contexts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that ``Python.h`` is included before ``stdbool.h`` unless ``pyconfig.h`` is included
or in some platform-specific contexts.
```

> Ensure that `Python.h` is included before `stdbool.h` unless `pyconfig.h` is included

Reviewer: Ok actually this file should be deleted and the other should be kept (sorry, you committed at the same time I've reviewed). Just re-use that text though (use double backquotes and not single ones, my bad)
